readme.md, before:

Computes diverse effect size statistics including confidence intervals


The Measures of Effect Size (MES) Toolbox is a set of functions which compute a wide range of effect size statistics. The four main toolbox functions cover common analysis designs, including two-sample-, oneway- and twoway- data sets as well as categorical data (tables). Data may be repeated-measures (within-subjects).  
MES for contrasts can be computed. Confidence intervals are generated for the large majority of MES, either via bootstrapping or by analytical computation, in part via noncentral t, Chi square or F distributions.  
Effect size statistics are complemented by t/Chi square/F statistics and/or full ANOVA tables, which are also provided as output variables. 
The toolbox was developed by Harald Hentschke (University of Tübingen) and Maik Stüttgen (University of Bochum) and is accompanied by a paper (Hentschke and Stüttgen, Eur J Neurosci 34:1887-1894, 2011).

Among the ESM available are:

- Hedges’ g
- Glass’ delta
- requivalent (point-biserial correlation)
- common language effect size
- Cohen’s U1
- Cohen’s U3
- receiver-operating characteristic
- right/left tail ratio
- rank-biserial correlation

- standardized mean differences for contrasts
- eta squared
- partial eta squared
- omega squared
- partial omega squared

- risk difference
- risk ratio
- odds ratio
- phi
- sensitivity
- specificity
- positive predictive value
- negative predictive value
- binomial effect size display
- Cramer’s V

For more details please see the documentation.

Commit message:

Minor code improvements general: - corrected version info (sorry for the mess in the previous version) and updated author affiliations in all m-files - from now on, omitting version number in file name of documentation pdf mes: - minor improvements of code (readability) in some places as suggested by Matlab's Code Analyzer Report - a warning is now issued if both exact and bootstrapped confidence intervals are requested as the latter take precedence over the former - using function fast_corr.m by Elliot Layden to compute correlations between input variables x and y (will be much faster in the computation of some to-be-implemented variants of Hedges's g for dependent data when bootstrapping is used)

readme.md, after:

# Measures of Effect Size (MES) Toolbox 

The Measures of Effect Size (MES) Toolbox is a set of Matlab functions which compute a wide range of effect size statistics. The four main toolbox functions cover common analysis designs, including two-sample-, oneway- and twoway- data sets as well as categorical data (tables). Data may be repeated-measures (within-subjects).  
MES for contrasts can be computed. Confidence intervals are generated for the large majority of MES, either via bootstrapping or by analytical computation, in part via noncentral t, Chi square or F distributions.  
Effect size statistics are complemented by t/Chi square/F statistics and/or full ANOVA tables, which are also provided as output variables. 
The toolbox was developed by Harald Hentschke (University Hospital Tübingen) and Maik Stüttgen (University of Mainz) and is accompanied by a paper (Hentschke and Stüttgen, Eur J Neurosci 34:1887-1894, 2011).

Among the ESM available are:

- Hedges’ g
- Glass’ delta
- requivalent (point-biserial correlation)
- common language effect size
- Cohen’s U1
- Cohen’s U3
- receiver-operating characteristic
- right/left tail ratio
- rank-biserial correlation

- standardized mean differences for contrasts
- eta squared
- partial eta squared
- omega squared
- partial omega squared

- risk difference
- risk ratio
- odds ratio
- phi
- sensitivity
- specificity
- positive predictive value
- negative predictive value
- binomial effect size display
- Cramer’s V

For more details please see the documentation (Documentation_MESToolbox.pdf, VersionHistory_MESToolbox.pdf).
